{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue193;\red77\green32\blue22;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red254\green193\blue135;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c80000;\cssrgb\c38039\c17255\c10980;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c80000\c60000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Loreto \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Accommodations:
\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Villa, 2 Bedrooms, 2 Baths (Sleeps 6)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Great location, just steps from the BEST swimmable beach in Loreto, in a private 3 mile long beach - no beach vendors! Also enjoy , within a short walk all the amenities of the Loreto Bay Inn. Including a swim up bar , pool and hot tub, palapas , full service spa, restaurants, kayak rental shop, gift shop, concierge, and more all beach front!! Come stay relax read a book under the palapas and have drinks or food delivered! Loreto Bay still feels like a secret. Come visit the authentic historical charming town.\
Enter this NEW seaside villa through arched glass french doors, walk pass outdoor open air garden , hear the stunning water feature smell the gardenias to enter this 1500 square feet, 2 bedroom 2 bath Mexican Villa with a third story viewing tower. Walk down the beach to the Inn at Loreto Bay and enjoy 4 star amenities, pools, palapas, restaurants ( yummy nachos and margaritas), spa, swim up bar, kayak rentals, and the famous Mexican hospitality .\
Built in 2008 with all the upgraded amenities of home with A/C and WIFi . Enjoy a state of the art kitchen with all new appliances, dishwasher and housewares. Laundry room too!\
The upstairs Master bedroom has upgraded custom furniture a beautiful comfortable King Pillow top bed with down pillows and comforter and a 36" flat screen TV with DVD player, ceiling fan and A/C . The large master bath has two hand painted sinks a separate soaking tub with views of the Sea and a Mexican tile shower and a private toilet room. Blow dryer, lighted makeup mirror.\
The 2nd bedroom downstairs is large and has TWO comfortable queen beds with down pillows and comforters with a 36" flat screen TV with DVD player. It also enjoys two beautiful hand painted sinks and a shower and a private toilet room.\
The living room has a leather couch and chair with ottoman and a 42" LCD flat screen with DVD player . Free Wi-Fi for weekly rentals. 6 chairs fit around a mesquite wood dining table enjoy views of the private garden courtyard and ocean breeze.\
For your entertaining upstairs the patio has a built in barbeque with a sink with gorgeous vies of the Mountains and Ocean. Go up one more level and your on the 3rd story viewing tower and drink coffee and watch the sunrise over the Ocean or drink margaritas and watch the beautiful sunrise over the Mountains. Loreto " Where the mountains come to swim".\
Steps from the ocean you can walk and collect shells, sun bathe , read books, relax, under The Loreto Bay Inns palapas, snorkel , kayak, eat breakfast, lunch and dinner at restaurants at The Inn on the private 2 mile sandy beach. 2 pool areas to choose from.\
Fly Into LTO Loretos International airport and your 8 minutes from the villa. I recommend renting a car since there is so much to see just 15 minutes up and down the coast. Its 15 minutes from downtown where you can enjoy the historical authentic town and many restaurants. Loreto has the oldest Mission in baja and its still a working mission... Enjoy sunday mass like a local. Right across the street enjoy a fresh hand squeezed juice from the juice bar. LOTS of shopping too.\
I can help with ideas for your travel plans... Dining options, adventures and tours. Lots to do from jet skiing to ATVing to deep sea fishing to whale watching and much more\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Four star Loreto Bay Inn and all of it's amenities. Including beach front pool / hot tub with swim up bar and full service dining. Restaurants, full service spa, Beach front Kayak, windsurfing rental shack, 18 hole beach front golf course, a 2nd gorgeous homeowner pool / hot tub area.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 All within a short walking distance.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 24/7 on site security office with 2 full time guards.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 On site convenient sundries store.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 All this and tennis courts too!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Loreto is a unique authentic charming town , the Villages of Loreto Bay still feels like a secret. :)\
\
\
Squaw \
2 Bedroom, 2 Bath Deluxe Fireplace Suite.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \strokec5 Features:
\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0Kitchen, dining area, living room with pull - out sofa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Resting at the base of Squaw Valley U.S.A., home of the 1960 Winter Olympics, this luxury, two bedroom 2 bath suite sleeps up to eight persons comfortably. This beautifully decorated suite features a king bed in its private bedroom with private bath and two queen beds with private bath.In addition, enjoy an adjoining living area with pull-out queen sofa, resort-style kitchen, dining area and luxurious fireplace.\
Located in this amazing resort, with 9 wall to wall windows and an 18-hole championship golf course. Upscale furnishings include rich tones, warm colors, natural slate, tumbled limestone, granite counter tops and natural iron come together to provide the perfect mountain getaway. Nine Floor to ceiling windows and designer touches add to the beauty of this suite.\
Also, adding to your comfort are fluffy comforters and pillows, a push button gas-fireplace with stone surrounded by a wood mantle, three LCD flat panel TVs, air conditioning and high speed wireless internet, pay per view movies and a CD player, even games in the hall closet.\
A true four-star luxury resort, the Resort at Squaw is ranked among the 30 best ski resorts in North America, and is located near the North shore of Lake Tahoe in the heart of Squaw Valley, California. You\'92ll have access to the exclusive on-property chair lift that provides ski-in/ski-out access to Squaw Valley, USA. There are numerous activities right out your door step.\
Enjoy ice skating, sledding, dog sledding, cross country trails, 18 hole Championship golf course, heated pools and hot tubs, hiking trails and bike paths, fitness center, dining, shopping , or just relaxing on this 195 acre property. The Resort at Squaw Creek is a resort hotel with four superb restaurants , room service, valet parking , concierge service and a full-service spa, 30,000 square feet of conference facilities and the best pools around with a water slide.;)\
*This is a VERY non-smoking unit.\
(2) Please specify in your inquiry whether you are interested in the complete condo 1050 square feet , or if you just want the Master Suite (approx.700 Sq. Ft - king bed, kitchenette, living room) by itself. You may also reserve just the second bedroom with 2 queen beds (approx 350 sq. Ft. and bathroom) for the lowest rate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \strokec5 All reservations are non-refundable.
\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}